Fix ramsey update (#976)
qiboteam/qibocal: doc/source/protocols/ramsey/ramsey.rst

:math:`T_2` and :math:`\Delta \omega` are determined by fitting the output signal using
the formula presented above.

If the protocols is successful the drive frequency will be updated only if a non-zero

> detuning is provided. :math:`T_2` is updated only in the case where detuning is 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
detuning is provided. :math:`T_2` is updated only in the case where detuning is not specified.
```
